let's take you to beay where hamdan from
Hamas is giving a press
conference ladies and gentlemen may
peace be upon you
all I would like to start by blessing
The
Souls of our people's children women and
men in Gaza St and our Murs at the West
Bank in
Jerusalem and in the
diaspora
camps I'd like to Bless The Souls of the
martyrs of our people who are offering
whatever they can to support their
brothers and sisters in
Palestine and I pray to Allah the
almighty to accept our Martyrs and heal
the
injured and we express our
salute a proud salute to our people who
are standing fast on their land in Gaza
makers of the true victory in the near
future Allah willing in G in Northern
Gaza and Southern Gaza across all cities
Villages and camps
inal Al canun Gaza City and Rafa
City
to these areas people have moved
thinking that there that it would be
safe zones including the child who have
been displaced forcibly from their home
in their alal to the socalled safe zones
and they were killed with her
parents
um I will start with this footage
video in which this child has said her
last words and her last
breath cursing the oppressors and
complaining about no
support
we must liberate our beloved Jerusalem
and return to our
land we want to see good things oh Allah
the
almighty despite this
pain I will start by reassuring the
people of our
nation our pal inan
people that their resistance is in good
shape they still lead and manage the
chapters of
ala
ala flood battle in its 62nd
day defending their people defending
their land defending
their
Jerusalem killing the soldiers of the
enemy injuring the soldiers of the
enemy with total blindness or partial
blindness destructing the Zionist war
machine from close distance rendering
their machines and uh Vehicles out of
service or destroying them un Burning It
To The
Ground while the Nazi killer
soldiers and
mercenaries who burn in such Vehicles
who come from everywhere to participate
in this crime in Gaza while we document
the destruction of hundreds of Zionist
army vehicles from the beginning of this
aggression and killing dozens of of
Israeli soldiers and commanders and
officers either by snipers or by
explosives and the enemy admitted the
death of almost 100 of their of their
soldiers however these declared numbers
are not even close to the true numbers
which we document every day admitting to
2,000 injured is much less than the
actual number our Fighters across all
lines of contact and engagement
they engage with the Enemy from under
the ground from between the rebels
destroying tanks vehicles and Troop
carriers killing soldiers and officers
and confidently documenting this by
video despite all this they continue to
bombard and Target the cities and the
settlements especially Tel that was
Target by a salvo of rockets even after
60 days of War to make the picture even
much more clearer to explain and to show
what alasan brigades are doing in this
battle yesterday Thursday our Fighters
were successful in destroying
22 um Israeli vehicles and before that
24 Vehicles were destroyed and 18
soldiers were killed directly
however in the Gaza City only Gaza City
our fighters in 72 hours have
destroyed 79 vehicles in partial or in
full I leave you with these footages and
after that we will
[Music]
comment these are only in Gaza City
only
[Music]
jump up jump up jump up jump
up
[Music]
I
Brigade might release in the coming hour
s a statement detailing the numbers of
destructed destroyed vehicles of the
enemy however now I would like to
comment here about this video in which
our Fighters very
confidently fighting and engaging With
the Enemy moving between the
rubble
and and they sto themselves colleagues
they warn their colleagues not to launch
the rocket um because it's just a
bulldozer and we document and we
document the burning of the troop
carriers with confidently and this is
for the sake of husin farad those who
don't know Hussein farad he's the
fighter
far the son of Omid
who was renowned 2002 she was bidding
goodbye to her son Muhammad in
his Mur operation in Gaza
Strip and this and the sequence and the
subsequent operations ended the
settlements in Gaza this wisam is on the
path of his mother omal
farat
these great sacrifices and
they victories on the ground and in the
field by our
factions especially Alan brigades are
just a Prelude to the
Future Victory our resistance is ready
to
continue engagement and to stand against
the oppression and the aggression no
matter how long such an aggression would
last with more than 2 months into this
genocide launched by the Israeli and
Zionist occupation against Gaza
using everything in the American Arsenal
not the Israel rather the American using
all
approaches
starvation violating human rights
receiving all sorts of support by the US
exploiting the inaction of the
International Community which in this
war leaving more than 60,000 of our
people killed injured and um and under
the rubble majority of whom are women
and children and here we would like to
emphasize the following
Netanyahu the criminal and his Nazi
government having been able to
accomplish any of their political
military
or um
objectives our people despite the
killing and the oppression they are
still standing fast and our resistant
resistance Still Standing fast in the
field engaging With the Enemy across all
points the occupation has EX side all
sorts of killing and systematic
Annihilation and genocide against our
people in
Gaza exercising and
showing methods that have never been
witnessed throughout human history these
pictures are pictures from the Nazi
concentration
camps the Holocaust and these are
similar pictures
but but those who claim to have been
killed on the picture in the
top are the killers in the second
picture at the bottom these are people
being mistreated by the enemy who try to
Blackmail the entire world with similar
pictures we reiterate
our our rejection to all the attempts to
displace our people from
Gaza and we would like to emphasize and
confirm that our people will not Retreat
will not surrender to any
displacement plots but we would rather
foil them and we will not accept any
solution or any resolution that doesn't
include stopping the aggression and
admit and accepts our people's rights to
freedom and
self-determination all theic americ and
Western support will never enable our
enemy to achieve a claimed Victory and
our people don't have surrender in our
[Music]
dictionary our People's Choice is a
continued
and comprehensive resistance to this
occupation and this is a legitimate
right enshrined by the international
um legitimacy no one can deny us such
rice and
eny and the enemy claiming that they
have
surrounded um y's house which was
surrounded and destroyed and
stri earlier in aial Wars is just a
marage and this is just ACC Claim by the
enemy in an attempt to declare achieving
one of their objectives against our
people and against our
resistance the Zionist regime
creates delusional objectives building a
delusional
Victory including the aggression against
alifa hospital as they claimed that the
command post of the resistance is
beneath the hospital and it was their
lives were revealed and
today and today they are claiming the
about the house of Al we say to the
families of the Zionist
captives
you're the continued the continued
aggression of aggression of your
government against our people will not
bring back your children to
you and the chances of them going back
is
diminishing with the long aggression and
I would like to leave you and remind you
with this picture that alasan Brigade
has broadcast
earlier
I deliberately removed subtitles in this
footage to allow the families to hear
what he
said this is the Israeli captive whose
family were killed by Netanyahu
bombardments he's begging to bring back
their dead bodies the enemy's Army we
tell them no victory for you and you
can't stay on our land in Gaza nor in
Palestine your faith in this battle is
either you killed or run away or
surrender as for the humanitarian need
and the need for continued flow of
humanitarian Aid the massacres that have
been perpetrated and the bombardments
over the past two months have affected
everything in Gaza and
all there is no there is no safe place
in Gaza as claimed by Gaza and as
promoted by the American
administrative one point 1.3 million are
displaced now in Gaza living a true
tragedy in the open in some shelters and
in some hospitals and schools and their
condition s are exacerbating on daily
basis as they lack the base minimum of
dignified life
and and it takes days to deliver the air
to them and with the spread of diseases
as declared by the wh and international
organizations working in the STP Gaza
municipality have announced today that
people in Northern Gaza are suffering
from thirst and drought this reveals
that the that the actual objective of
Netanyahu blinkin and Biden is to
eliminate the Palestinian people those
who haven't been killed by bombardments
and Strikes should die by femine and
thirst or die due to lack of medication
and health
treatment what enters Gaza now doesn't
exceed 100 trucks while gaza's
needs are more than 600 trucks and some
of the such assistance doesn't meet the
basic requirements particularly food
items I would like to remind that
Northern parts of Gaza receive only
small portion of such Aid because the
occupation is preventing it from
arriving there with a targeting of
hospitals this occupation deliberately
attacked the medical sector
the operating hospitals in Gaza are four
hospitals after 55 hospitals are
rendered out of service due to daily
bombardments or due to depleted Fuel and
I would like to emphasize that Northern
Gaza has no operating Hospital our great
people in Gaza are
sacrificing are offering
sacrifices
and they can't find food to sustain them
as more than for more than one month
people of Gaza are
fasting they don't have any food their
will and determination never broken
despite the destruction and the killing
they are holding fast because their
equation is connected with Allah the
almighty who will support these
people of the exacerbation of these
tragic situations in Gaza we call upon
the leaders and heads of states of the
Arab and Muslim states to translate
their resolutions in the
summit um and the Arab and Islamic
Summit in Riyad since one month into
practical actions our people are
awaiting the break of Siege against Gaza
and expedite the access of Aid and
medical supplies we also call upon all
Aid and humanitarian organizations from
around the world to visit Gaza STP to
stand on the humanitarian
Disaster by the genocidal War
perpetrated by the occupation with the
support of the American Administration
and such organizations need to shoulder
their responsibilities to Aid and
support our people we call upon the Ona
and the w uh to shoulder their
humanitarian and ethical
responsibilities to deliver Aid and
humanitarian Aid and medical supplies to
Gaza Strip north and
south and never heed to the pressure of
the occupation and we say that the hon
organization is not undertaking its role
as required unfortunately
the Palestinian the Palestinian red
Cresent is falling short in performing
its duties and the Ona and the
Palestinian red crescent are failing to
distribute the eight our people
equally causing
um imbalance and distribution of
Aid these two organizations are required
to perform their duties no matter what
happens they are the responsible for the
distribution of Aid and they shall bear
the account be accountable for any short
despite the pain I reassure the
Palestinian people their resistance is
still in good shape the words there of
Assam hamdan senior Hamas member two
months on from the start of the war in
Gaza he showed some videos of Hamas
operations against Israeli forces what